---
layout: post
title: "Begining of the journey"
date: 2023-04-10
commments: true
image: \assets\images\1.png
---
Hello World. It's the most common output in IT since it's begining. So here I am, experimanting with Jekyll & Ruby to host my own website thanks to Github Pages. This website should be my documentation of journey. Main goal - be a project manager, owner of the prospering company, move to italy and eat the best pizza in the world. I want to share my personal expirience (that is still growing) my personal projects that i have in mind and casual thoughts about things happening all around me. Not gonna lie, this whole website is inspired by how ChatGPT is growing right now and my profesor at university <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/arkadiusz-szczepa%C5%84ski-49407b42" >Arkadiusz Szczepański</a> foresaw that AI will be powerfull to for recrut process in the end of 2022 and surfing through internet (tiktok mainly) I see new tools that ineveidly will automate many processes. Personally I've asekd ChatGPT for VBA script for updating 1 file based on id's in the other file. It took 30 minutes to test and implement that (25 minutes were actions done by me like little corrections, translating and implementing). Back in the days I'll had to learn VBS by asking Google for Youtube tutorial on how to do it (documentation is another way but almost noone is learning strictly by it) and spent a day or two to make it work. It's fascinating how laziness is pushing this civilisation to progress, evolve through technology. Even this whole page is being made by help from  ChatGPT-4 (3.5 version got me stuck on css editing. It's a little embarasing but in my defence, not everyone can center a div). On my home page there should be the list of project that I have in mind. Soon the comment sections should work but I have to ask AI what is wrong. Let me know, if You want an old style tutorial for how to make this kind of website with ChatGPT. Ciao!
